codeintel: RFC 235: Add migration infrastructure to codeintel database (#13903)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: migrations/README.md

# Postgres Migrations

> The children of this directory contain migrations for each Postgres database instance:

Reviewer: We in fact only have one Postgres database instance, right? Seems not accurate here. :thinking: 

Maybe 
```suggestion
The children of this directory contain migrations for each application that connects to Postgres database:
```

Author: No, we will have two going forward: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/13904

Reviewer: Gotcha, thanks!
